				CHATROOM
Chat room is a web application that allows users to chat in multiple rooms.
Technology Used:
HTML
JavaScript
PHP
AJAX
Feature Supported:
Separate registration & login support.
Group chat.
History of old chat messages.
Provide multiple chat room facility.
Show registered users.
All these are managed by using database server.
Instruction to Run the app:
You can run this app by using any Apache server Software preferably use Xamp, Lamp.

If you don’t have any Apache Server Software So here is the link to download the Xamp: https://www.apachefriends.org/download.html .
Copy & paste the extracted folder (send by me) to “www” or “htdocs” folder for wamp or Xamp respectively.
Start Apache & Sql Server.
Import the database file (chatroom) given in the assignment in your Sql server.
Then open localhost/(foldername) in your browser.
The open page is your required application.
Here you can register & login to chat with another users e.g. use username=”ichigo” , password=”123”  & chatroom (as you select).
For each chatroom the homepage is opened which shows the registered users for that chatroom & last messages of each user in that chatroom.

Instruction to Understand the Code:
Files created:
Index.php:  It is the first page which you see on running the application. It is the simple login 
Page where user can login to connect to other users. I use simple sql query in php to check whether the user enter valid credentials by checking the username & password stored in my database. If user enters wrong credential it shows a message to enter right details.
signup.php: It is the page for registering the user in the database. If the user enter the username which is already stored in my database then it shows “user already registered” or 
Other messages to correct the user. After registering, it will redirect you to index.php where you can enter your details to connect with users for chatting.
homepage.php: It is the page which provides you the interface for chatting, it shows the user registered & their messages for the chatroom which you selected while login. In this page I used Ajax to update the message when you entered the message in the text area it calls the function “msgupdate” which creates the Xmlhttpobject to connect with server. By 
Connecting to “msg.php” I insert the message in my Database with the entry of username & its message with that chatno (user, message, chatno) in message table. After inserting in table it sends back response to msgupdate to print that message in my div (id=”showmsg”).
Div (id=”showmsg”) show all messages of all users in chatroom. To show message there is a simple query in Sql “select * from `message-table`” which shows my all users with their messages.
Mid_logout.php: This page is used to destroy the session for each user. It is called when user press logout button in homepage. 
Connection.php: It is required to set up the connection between client & server .In this section of code we connect with our Database.

DATABASE:
Registration-table: It includes name, username, and password as three attributes to store credential for each user.
Message-table: It includes user, message, and chatno. User is the username of each user, message stores the message of that user & chatno is the number of chatroom user uses while login time. Chatno updates every time whenever user login.
Contact Details: 
Email id: singhalasdd123@gmail.com
Contact no :8292442370
